New since 0.7 series:

    Now able to do a dummy run to calculate and report the amount of samples
    that will fit on a page. This enables the script to correctly calculate
    how many sheets will be required. Previously it was always assumed that
    there would be 3 sample blocks on a sheet. This is now not always the case.

    Sample rows can be selected or unselected to save on paper. The settings are
    automatically saved when changed and can be set as user defaults.

    User can choose to have page numbers count from first page of the toc instead
    of the first page of samples. This can be helpful if wanting to quickly look
    up a font in the toc and then using the Scribus page navigator dialog to go to
    the actual page on the screen to view it without printing it out.

    Added initial support for a sample paragraph. The sample paragraph defaults
    to "off" due to the amount of space it uses on the page. 

New since v0.6.1:

    Added a font sample preview panel. This will only be displayed if certain system
    requirements are met. Otherwise the panel will be hidden.    
    Changed version numbers to accomodate parallel releases using other widget sets.
    Tkinter versions will now have the letters "tk" appended after the version number, a
    qt version would be "qt". Note that a qt version will not be appearing until issues will PyQt
    can be resolved.

New since V0.5a:

    Optional Page Numbers.
    Optional Table of Contents creation.
    Added an optional binding offset. Leaves extra space for the binding edge.
    Added Double sided paper facility. Inserts a blank page after table of contents
    if required, to force the main sample pages to always start on an odd page
    number. This also flips the binding offset to the other side when printing the
    even numbered side.
    Better layouts.
    Has more built in default font options for headers, table of contents and
    sample labels.
    Users can now select more than one font at a time in the list boxes.
